how many people here want to have a
signed agent legit assigned agent
commercially bicoastal agent New York
and LA possibly London and make a
six-figure income this year if you
follow everything that we advise you to
do you will get an ancient I know every
major agency you live in every major
casting director ops look over your head
shot your resume and closing the
Wardrobe your monologue your hairdo
you're everything and then we sit you
down and videotape you in a simulated
agent interview and we ask you the
questions of agents organized and then
we play it back and go this is how you
can do it better this is what you should
say this is what you shouldn't say this
but you should wear it not with me to
hear what you should be thinking about
what you should tell them in the first
20 seconds this is how you win at an
interview by being prepped by a coach
you have got to be able to bring to the
table to any agent in the business is
the ability to make money you want an
agent to not say
and making sure that you are the best if
impossible it's wonderful to see someone
being so give it all and be like you can
do it but also be critical and tired the
truth about what you need and what you
have
she was
kept saying that was pursuing not as
great and the actors market is committed
to helping actors that's what we do